Add thee months out blog post (#2079)
writethedocs/www: docs/conf/portland/2024/news/three-months-out.md

---
template: {{year}}/generic.html
banner: _static/conf/images/headers/portland-2024-speakers.jpg

> og:image: _static/conf/images/headers/portland-2024-speakers.jpg

Reviewer: Is this a default already and this is just an override?

Author: I couldn't find a good way to deafult it.

Reviewer: Ah, sad times.

---

```{eval-rst}
.. post:: Jan 18, 2024
   :tags: {{shortcode}}-{{year}}, tickets, guide, visiting
```

# Write the Docs: Only 3 Months Away!

Our upcoming conference is right around the corner, and we are excited to reunite with everyone in Portland. Now is a great time to buy your tickets and plan travel arrangements.

> Explore more information below on the attendee guide, visiting Portland, strategies for convincing your manager, deadlines for the opportunity grant, and exciting upcoming speaker announcements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read on for more information on the attendee guide, visiting Portland, strategies for convincing your manager, deadlines for the opportunity grant, and exciting upcoming speaker announcements.
```

Reviewer: Could link these so folks can skip, but :man_shrugging:

We look forward to seeing you soon!

## Buy Your Tickets

Whether you're a student, currently unemployed, or employed at a non-profit, government agency, or corporate office, we offer different ticket types and costs.

- Student or Unemployed Tickets: $100
- Independent Tickets: $350
- Corporate Tickets: $650

[**Buy your ticket today!**](https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/portland/2024/tickets/)

## Attendee Guide and Visiting Portland

> Our [Attendee Guide](https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/portland/2024/attendee-guide/) and [Visiting Portland](https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/portland/2024/visiting/) pages are now live! We've gathered information that will help you navigate the conference like a pro and make you feel more at home in the city of Portland.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our [Attendee Guide](https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/portland/2024/attendee-guide/) and [Visiting Portland](https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/portland/2024/visiting/) pages are now live! We've gathered information that will help you navigate the conference comfortably and make you feel more at home in the city of Portland.
```

> The [Attendee Guide](https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/portland/2024/attendee-guide/) provides conference information and gives strategies and tips for new (and experienced) attendees to get plugged in and connect with others.

Reviewer: Could probably use a rewrite but I don't have much right now

Author: Aye, I did some small edits, but didn't futz with it too much.

The [Visiting Portland](https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/portland/2024/visiting/) has info about where to stay, eat, drink, and how to get around the city!

![Group of people talking](/_static/img/2024/attendee-guide.jpg)

## Convince Your Manager

Do you need help justifying why your employer should send you to Write the Docs? Don't worry -- you're not alone. Based on the experiences of some of our previous attendees, we've put together a sample email and list of resources.

> [**Convince your manager.**](https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/portland/2024/convince-your-manager/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[**Convince your manager**](https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/portland/2024/convince-your-manager/)
```
